Welcome to Workbook 2.6.
I already went ahead and launched the Starter Project.
Task one is inside the Handler method.
We need to add two pieces of data to our model.
Let's go ahead and do just that.
All right.
And then here it's saying if the entry budget is greater than or equal to 5000, then blah blah blah
blah blah.
Otherwise display.
Sorry, we don't have any cars below 5000.
So let's start with the F and on less.
We'll create one div, one empty container.
And this dev is going to render if and only if we're going to grab the.
We're going to grab the budget.
If that budget is greater than or equal to 5000, then disruptive is going to render what's going to
be inside this div.
I have no idea.
Let's just add another diff for now.
And otherwise, if their budget is lower than 5000, let's just copy this.
Then what do we want to tell them?
We want to just say sorry we don't have any cars below 5000.
So here we can just add a paragraph tag.
That says, sorry, we don't have cars below 5000.
Okay.
So we're already done this part.
Now let's finish up this part.
If the budget is bigger than or equal to 5000, what do we do?
Then compare the enter to make against five cases and the case match is going to be displayed.
Hope this made you think of the switch expression.
So here we can add another div.
So if the budget is greater than 5000, this will render.
Now we're here and this is going to determine which paragraph tag renders depending on which one has
a case match.
So we're going to grab the make.
And we're going to compare it.
We're going to compare it against five possible cases.
First.
This will render if the make equals Toyota.
Which is the car that I drive.
Okay.
So the different possible cases are Toyota, Volkswagen, Ford, Honda, and then default.
So we'll say Toyota.
Volkswagen.
Ford.
And Honda.
And this was the default case if it doesn't match any of them.
And then if it's at Toyota, I believe it said, to display a Toyota Corolla, $5,000.
Otherwise, let's just copy them over.
Volkswagen Jetta 6000.
Ford Escape 7000.
Honda Civic 8000.
Otherwise, no cars match or query.
So this was your first nested conditional and final leaf, and I hope it wasn't too hard.
The trick was the first only focus on your F and on lessons.
And then once that was out of the way, assume the F expression was the one that executed this diff
would render.
So your next focus would be to determine what render is inside of this container by comparing the make
against five possible cases.
All right.
Think that's it?
We should be ready to run our code.
I'll spin up a new terminal.
You're run the application.
We'll say a local host, Eddie Ating.
I'm just going to zoom in.
And it says, sorry, we don't have any cars below 5000.
Let me go back to my workbook controller.
I'll say 8000 and I'm looking for a Toyota.
What will we get?
Toyota Corolla for 5000.
Beautiful.
I'll go and say Volkswagen.
Volkswagen.
And there is a Volkswagen Jetta available for 6000.
That is all for workbook 2.6.
I will see you in the next one.